welcome in this video we are going to
present the school's virtual campus
to register do it in
www.collectivebrands.com score bar
field after entering your username and
password and click on entry
both the user and the password do not
they have in their headquarters description
well here we are on the page
of students start we will find
four main panels with different
information in one we will have access
to different tools then we will have
a calendar with the featured events
a panel with the main announcements in
the forums in which we are
strict
Y
a panel that allows us to access the
received messages
click on my courses from the to
tools that we quickly access
to the bacteria in which we
we find enrolled in this case
accounting biology and civic education
and we will always have access to the module
of coordination that allows us to do
consult the administrative type
let's go to the civic education module
we click and access the portal of the
drums
let's see reality or higher
left that we have here is
information of the subject to the forum
to a diary that allows us to carry
notes
for Soraya on the progress of the study
below we have option we have access
to the contents of this subject in this
case we have 5 units and an evaluation
let's click on unit 1
and here we quickly have access to
study material in this window to
left side we see the obvious hard
of the bacteria which we can read
We can print or download according
for our needs our
pleasures
on the right side we have
the possibility of navigating between
different units
in the unit of matter here we see the
second unit so we can go from
one or another unit to download or
print in accordance
square our needs
we have here below access to a
evaluation let's say about it
in this case it is an evaluation
of automatic correction us
we must complete this evaluation
we click on send the test and
automatically we will receive the
result of it with
the rating and the answers
correct wrong we have obtained
this helps us prepare face
to the final exam
we have the possibility to repeat this
evaluation on different occasions
it will also depend battery will learn
several of these form evaluations
periodically to be well prepared
tribal exam
well we click again the link a
simple that we will see that another
information we have available here in
the portal of the matter well we have the
calendar again with events
we will have announcements
links to other materials a very link
important is here
22 main this allows us to contact us
with the subject teacher and send him
queries
because it will bring together the text we want
send we have the possibility to accept
Some kind
of file being that you have to send is
it is automatically received by the teacher
assigned
below we have the possibility of
download the material from it
we go
and save the unit this unit is the
same that we have had access in the
tree that is in the part
left
ok let's go back to the page
principal
here we see in biology how it repeats
basically in new structures
left information of the bacterium by
the newspaper below the tree
contents or affinity by the side
right it repeats basically the same
in this case we have access to a video
from a platform to a link
that you were not external in this case we
View an article about the system
respiratory
we also have the units for
download and in this case we have another
extra file that is a good sheet well
in each of the batteries of the
which we are ingest we will obtain in
portal to access all the content
and being able to contact teachers
We can also contact us from the
link that we have in the upper part
right we unfold a menu seems
incoming messages that basically is the
tray which
all messages received
to effect from below we have
different commands but
this one that allows us to respond to the text
sent
we just came here to complete
the answer and send detect
if we go back to messages and we can
create
we have the same template basically
but in this case blank
addressee
we should complete the name of the
person we want to have the
message if we start writing
automatically the system will give us
different alternatives
with that name
this is one way to communicate the other
is directly by clicking
on the blue track that appears next
of the recipient field here below
selecting to communicate with professor
in the module
we unfold the list and we'll see that
we are willing to communicate with
the teachers
of the batteries in which we are
enrolled we also always have the
world of computing for consultations
administrative and to the new below
As always, it is important to clarify that
position rebound a file
ok going back to the main page
from the corresponding
we are finally in this first
video tutorial to see how
we do to disconnect this what
we do from the top right
we click
over the link and we disconnect from the
platform we hope this video will
has been very useful and we
we say goodbye until point